alright work oh we got a scorpion I'm
gonna go more katana let's go with the
classic skin from mk2 wow that is really
drinking right there look at her face ah
feel weird pointy nose come on nether
realm come on man good you're better
than this did you better than this all
right here comes scorpion that scorp
he's got that scorp wants teeth the
sting of the scorpion oh let's loot
easter a from Quan Chi's side I have no
longer hours to him and you are weaker
as a result Wow mk2 classic scene is
awesome what he's doing I don't think so
isn't know what he's doing
should have said nothing I was gonna do
a combo lock you do an amazing travel
coming out what did I say what the fuck
that I said okay yeah single hits to all
counter everything I do ya uh-huh yeah
that wasn't luck fart jam blocc play I
can't block it's too laggy right now put
block Jim block
he's gonna win I can't do anything so
I'm fucking so delay I didn't even do
that look at that what the fuck no no no
move yes pseudotsuga raid fuck this you
just keep doing the same shit I can't
block it older that's what the fuck look
at this shit I couldn't even move oh my
I couldn't even move right Kim who this
move do something that's not fucking 30
seconds delayed true it's it's like the
light got way worse during the match I
think he turned on a lag switch I didn't
even do that I can't do a combo at all I
can't do a combo all
can't move not doing this I'm glad I
lost what this dude this guy is fucking
garbage I couldn't do anything oh I look
like if this is scorpion fatality I'm
even seen this one yet who rips your
fucking head off that's pretty brutal
foods comment yeah that was insanely bad
I could barely everything was literally
about a full second delayed and it got
worse you saw during round to the
fucking game got actually worse so this
guy use the lag switch what a fucking
asshole elec switch using idiot so my
first loss is incredible slow-mo los
super delay great fuck this idiot huh
what a dick